sometimes the challenge was made a sport
of honor so many at played through all
the highs and lows victory or disaster
tell anybody
but first we have to catch you up on the
last show and what a show it was injured
when faced off in the winners tournament
and angie was not playing nice angie was
laying it on when for disobeying him
when refused to give in and beat a
battled his partes Yamato helped when
after he ran into trouble but Anju still
ended up winning now it's the winners
tournament finals with your bottle
versus inju we're crunching some numbers
to see was the best chance to win
hmm let's take a break time to get on
with the show
what do you think I'd say Yamato
definitely that cobalt saber of his can
take down opponents with just one shot
who could defeat that move over Yamato
it's an jus it's utterly ridiculous to
think he can stand up to n juice attacks
which means that either one of them
could win you'll just have to tune in
tomorrow to find out who man yo motto
your cus a Polish are hauling that
things it's almost hard to believe how
Yamato could be the best beater player
in the whole world
you've made me very proud and for me how
cool would it be if you won then I could
tell everyone I trained with the best in
the world I know it won't be easy but I
know you can do it yeah me too
good luck Yamato everyone's being really
nice to you it would be nice if you were
nice back hey Gary
Master I'm oughtta mom bull Liana and
gray without you I never would have got
this far thank you
anytime I had a problem you guys were
there for me and I'm gonna make sure
that you didn't help me for nothing
tomorrow at that tournament I am going
to defeat Anju they don't get to be the
most famous guy on the planet
Yamato that's not how a true B 2 player
acts I know I'm just so excited about my
big match cobalt saber is doing great
and now I must deal with it as I was
with cobalt blade yes I noticed that
that means there's just one more thing
to do ah what do you mean wait a minute
those are the plans for cobalt saber
it's better if they don't exist when I
made the beat above zero system my plans
were stolen by evil thieves almost
before I finished them the design I
created was then used for nefarious
purposes I couldn't stand to see the
same thing happen again the plans for
the blaster core system are just too
important to be stolen so I decided it
was best to destroy them yeah so cobalt
saber is now the only blaster core
b-daman in the entire world and I'm
entrusting it to you so you must protect
it I know I can your motto
very impressive
our mother has really outdone himself
with this blaster core system we could
just copy it imagine all of the
magnificent evil deeds that the shadow
Alliance could accomplish with it yes my
to be a mystic one I want you to see you
cobalt saber over me
I don't care what you have to do to get
it just get it yes of course
who won't say there is an even more
remarkable b-daman the cobalt blade I
must have it a Baba might it be a wise
one did you know that Cobra plate would
be rebuilt as combat saber even before
it was destroyed it's none of your
business what I know
groveling just make sure your model tell
gutters to paint it and bring cobalt
silver to me yes your greatness
these mackerel milkshakes are going like
hotcakes
I know we just can't make it fast enough
here you go enjoy hey here's one for you
we should enjoy him right boy you're
sure going to have to work hard
Yamato you about ready to take your turn
to the staff go Mae I'm competing in the
tournament don't you think I should be
training instead of working in some fish
stand
don't let this tournament go to your
head Yamato you still have to do your
share like everyone else of course if
you don't want dinner you don't have to
help yeah that's right but if you don't
help then you don't get to eat
that's the rule sorry but that is fair
Wow Mae's my hero she doesn't go easy on
anyone I know not even her own son a
real Vita player can't just beat a
battle he needs to learn about life if
he wants to be truly great why does mom
always have to be right hey Yamato huh
hey Burkhart I just wanted to wish you
good luck in your match Yamato we've
been watching your progress me and my
brothers and we're really in